I am convinced that all of you
here are well aware
That eco-consciousness and sustainability
haven't been mere buzzwords for a long time
And not just
a passing trend
A person who thinks green isn't
an extremist by any means
But clearly the conscience
of the planet,
the societal focal point
We have all the information
we could ever need
All the calculations have been
done by us
All alternatives have been
presented by us
And now, our task is to think
about how to serve this information to others
Fortunately, we have 23 years
to establish ourselves here
Honestly, this capsule here,
our home, it's already functioning
There's nothing more
we can do here
I am convinced that 23 years from now,
it will be just as good here as it is now
Maybe even
better
But only if we respect
the fundamental principles of sustainability
Honestly, I have my own fears
about the other capsules
Unfortunately, it seems like they just party,
wasting resources recklessly
But here, we want the Vivaarium
project to succeed for real
So, our task is to
keep all the others on the right track
Faces turned
worried?
No reason, no-no!
We're not just going to have debates here
or paint posters for demonstrations
Far from it!
We're definitely going to organize
stylish parties here
We'll definitely have
themed evenings
And right here, in the corner of the community room,
we could even set up a small eco-cocktail bar
We could name it
Sly Lime
I believe we'll have
a great time here, no doubt
Right?
What do you guys think?
Of course!
With such a company!
How else could it be?
But before we start building
that eco-cocktail bar with the guys
And move on with our lives
here
I would like to ask you
a couple of questions
These are very simple
questions
They are meant to help us understand
where we currently stand with our thinking
And where we ultimately
should be heading?
Is it possible to change capsules?
Changing capsules
is no longer possible
Your choices have brought you
here
So - please take out your phones,
refresh your Vivaarium page